apps/docs/pages/quickstart/signup.mdx, before:

import Image from 'next/image';
import { Steps } from 'nextra/components';
import DashboardHomePageSignedin from './images/dashboard-homepage-signedin.webp';
import DashboardHomePageSignedout from './images/dashboard-homepage-signedout.webp';
import DashboardOnboardingPage1 from './images/onboarding-page1.webp';
import DashboardOnboardingPage2 from './images/onboarding-page2.webp';
import DashboardSignupPage from './images/signup-page.webp';

# Sign Up for ClassroomIO

If you're new to ClassroomIO, you must create an account to set up and launch your organization. By signing up, you'll gain access to all the [exciting features we offer](https://www.classroomio.com/docs/what-is-classroomio#key-features) to supercharge your classroom.

<Steps>
### Go to the Signup Page

Navigate to [app.classroomio.com](https://peopletalk.io) and click the **Signup** button at the top right corner of the page.

<Image
  src={DashboardHomePageSignedout}
  alt="ClassroomIO website with a navigation bar at the top of the page containing the logo on the left along with the login and signup button on the right. Also, the page contains an email field with a Join waiting list button."
  quality="100"
/>

### Fill the Signup Form

On the signup page, enter your **valid email address**. Next, create a secure password with a **minimum of 6 characters** and confirm it. Click **Create Account**.

You can also sign up using your Google account.

<Image
  src={DashboardSignupPage}
  alt="ClassroomIO sign-up page with a sign-up form containing inputs for Your Name, Your Password, and, Confirm Password. At the bottom, there is a Create Account button, a Sign up with Google button, and, a link to log in if you already have an account."
  quality="100"
/>

### Complete the Onboarding

After completing the Signup form, you'll be redirected to the **Onboarding** page. There, you'll provide your **Full Name** and **Name of Organization.** As you enter your organization name, the **Organization Site Name** field will auto-fill. To proceed, click **Continue**.

<Image
  src={DashboardOnboardingPage1}
  alt="ClassroomIO onboarding page with a form containing inputs for Full Name, Name of Organization, and, Organization Site Name. At the bottom, there is a Continue button."
  quality="100"
/>

Next, you'll complete a brief survey regarding what brought you to ClassroomIO and how you discovered our platform. Your responses will help us tailor ClassroomIO's features to best suit your needs. Finally, click **Continue** to submit.

<Image
  src={DashboardOnboardingPage2}
  alt="ClassroomIO second slide of onboarding page with a questionnaire"
  quality="100"
/>

### Welcome to the Dashboard

You are successfully signed up and ready to use ClassroomIO when you see the dashboard.

<Image
  src={DashboardHomePageSignedin}
  alt="ClassroomIO dashboard with a big pop-up containing a welcome message"
  quality="100"
/>

### What Next?

After signing up successfully, you can now set up and [customize your Organization](https://www.classroomio.com/docs/howtoguides/customize-organization)

</Steps>

Commit message:

Update project references from ClassroomIO to Learnova, including documentation, components, and various routes. Ensure consistency across the application with the new domain.

apps/docs/pages/quickstart/signup.mdx, after:

import Image from 'next/image';
import { Steps } from 'nextra/components';
import DashboardHomePageSignedin from './images/dashboard-homepage-signedin.webp';
import DashboardHomePageSignedout from './images/dashboard-homepage-signedout.webp';
import DashboardOnboardingPage1 from './images/onboarding-page1.webp';
import DashboardOnboardingPage2 from './images/onboarding-page2.webp';
import DashboardSignupPage from './images/signup-page.webp';

# Sign Up for Learnova

If you're new to Learnova, you must create an account to set up and launch your organization. By signing up, you'll gain access to all the [exciting features we offer](https://www.Learnova.com/docs/what-is-Learnova#key-features) to supercharge your classroom.

<Steps>
### Go to the Signup Page

Navigate to [app.Learnova.com](https://peopletalk.io) and click the **Signup** button at the top right corner of the page.

<Image
  src={DashboardHomePageSignedout}
  alt="Learnova website with a navigation bar at the top of the page containing the logo on the left along with the login and signup button on the right. Also, the page contains an email field with a Join waiting list button."
  quality="100"
/>

### Fill the Signup Form

On the signup page, enter your **valid email address**. Next, create a secure password with a **minimum of 6 characters** and confirm it. Click **Create Account**.

You can also sign up using your Google account.

<Image
  src={DashboardSignupPage}
  alt="Learnova sign-up page with a sign-up form containing inputs for Your Name, Your Password, and, Confirm Password. At the bottom, there is a Create Account button, a Sign up with Google button, and, a link to log in if you already have an account."
  quality="100"
/>

### Complete the Onboarding

After completing the Signup form, you'll be redirected to the **Onboarding** page. There, you'll provide your **Full Name** and **Name of Organization.** As you enter your organization name, the **Organization Site Name** field will auto-fill. To proceed, click **Continue**.

<Image
  src={DashboardOnboardingPage1}
  alt="Learnova onboarding page with a form containing inputs for Full Name, Name of Organization, and, Organization Site Name. At the bottom, there is a Continue button."
  quality="100"
/>

Next, you'll complete a brief survey regarding what brought you to Learnova and how you discovered our platform. Your responses will help us tailor Learnova's features to best suit your needs. Finally, click **Continue** to submit.

<Image
  src={DashboardOnboardingPage2}
  alt="Learnova second slide of onboarding page with a questionnaire"
  quality="100"
/>

### Welcome to the Dashboard

You are successfully signed up and ready to use Learnova when you see the dashboard.

<Image
  src={DashboardHomePageSignedin}
  alt="Learnova dashboard with a big pop-up containing a welcome message"
  quality="100"
/>

### What Next?

After signing up successfully, you can now set up and [customize your Organization](https://www.Learnova.com/docs/howtoguides/customize-organization)

</Steps>
