apps/classroomio-com/src/blog/launch-week-001.md, before:

---
title: 'Welcome to Launch Week <i>001</i>'
description: 'We are excited to announce our first launch week for ClassroomIO.com. We will be sharing a new feature every day for 5 days.'
imageUrl: 'https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/launch-week-001.png'
date: '2024-10-07'
author: Rotimi Best
avatar: /blog/best.jpg
role: Founder
tags: ['Launch Week', 'Company Update']
published: true
---

![classroomio-launch-week-001](https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/launch-week-001.png)
_ClassroomIO Launch Week 001_

Welcome to our first launch week for ClassroomIO.com.

I have personally enjoyed watching the likes of Supabase, Resend, Documenso and many other amazing products do launch weeks and I decided why not give it a try.

In this launch week, we want to share 5+ cool features with you, showing off some of the things we've built to make it easier for anyone to build a brand friendly alternative to Teachable/Thinkific/Edx/Google Classroom and the likes.

### What's the problem with these platforms?

The summary is that they are not brand friendly and for the simplest of things the tool starts to get pretty complex. To get a brand friendly learning managements system (LMS) right now means 2 things:

1. You build it yourself
2. You white label an existing one

This first is time consuming while the second can cost thousands of dollars. We have solved both problems by building a very simple yet robust LMS that is fully open source and you can customise to whatever you want. Even with our cloud version, we are striving to make the product look and feel the way you want it to.

In this launch week, we will show you some of the steps we've taken to allow companies and startups deploy their custom training platform that is brand friendly and super easy to get started witih.

Below are all the features for each day that we will be sharing. As the day goes by, this list will be updated:

1. Day 1 - [Brand Customisations](/blog/brand-customisations)
2. Day 2 - [Multi-Language Support](/blog/multi-language)
3. Day 3 - [Self-host ClassroomIO on your Servers](/blog/self-host)
4. Day 4 - [Free Tools](/blog/free-tools)
5. Day 5 - [Custom Domains](/blog/custom-domain)
6. Extras - 😍😍😍😍

### Let the launch week begin 🚀

Commit message:

Update project references from ClassroomIO to Learnova, including documentation, components, and various routes. Ensure consistency across the application with the new domain.

apps/classroomio-com/src/blog/launch-week-001.md, after:

---
title: 'Welcome to Launch Week <i>001</i>'
description: 'We are excited to announce our first launch week for Learnova.com. We will be sharing a new feature every day for 5 days.'
imageUrl: 'https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/launch-week-001.png'
date: '2024-10-07'
author: Rotimi Best
avatar: /blog/best.jpg
role: Founder
tags: ['Launch Week', 'Company Update']
published: true
---

![Learnova-launch-week-001](https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/launch-week-001.png)
_Learnova Launch Week 001_

Welcome to our first launch week for Learnova.com.

I have personally enjoyed watching the likes of Supabase, Resend, Documenso and many other amazing products do launch weeks and I decided why not give it a try.

In this launch week, we want to share 5+ cool features with you, showing off some of the things we've built to make it easier for anyone to build a brand friendly alternative to Teachable/Thinkific/Edx/Google Classroom and the likes.

### What's the problem with these platforms?

The summary is that they are not brand friendly and for the simplest of things the tool starts to get pretty complex. To get a brand friendly learning managements system (LMS) right now means 2 things:

1. You build it yourself
2. You white label an existing one

This first is time consuming while the second can cost thousands of dollars. We have solved both problems by building a very simple yet robust LMS that is fully open source and you can customise to whatever you want. Even with our cloud version, we are striving to make the product look and feel the way you want it to.

In this launch week, we will show you some of the steps we've taken to allow companies and startups deploy their custom training platform that is brand friendly and super easy to get started witih.

Below are all the features for each day that we will be sharing. As the day goes by, this list will be updated:

1. Day 1 - [Brand Customisations](/blog/brand-customisations)
2. Day 2 - [Multi-Language Support](/blog/multi-language)
3. Day 3 - [Self-host Learnova on your Servers](/blog/self-host)
4. Day 4 - [Free Tools](/blog/free-tools)
5. Day 5 - [Custom Domains](/blog/custom-domain)
6. Extras - 😍😍😍😍

### Let the launch week begin 🚀
