apps/classroomio-com/src/blog/pranav-hits-100-students.md, before:

---
title: 'Our first customer to hit 100 students'
description: 'Paranv Singhal, a Web3 instructor, is the first customer to hit 100 students on ClassroomIO.'
imageUrl: 'https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/pranav-web3-bootcamp-hit-100students.png'
date: '2024-08-25'
author: Rotimi Best
avatar: /blog/best.jpg
role: Founder
tags: ['Customers', 'Testimonials']
published: true
---

![pranav-web3-bootcamp-hit-100students](https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/pranav-web3-bootcamp-hit-100students.png)
_Paranv Singhal, a ClassroomIO customer hits 100 students in his Web3 bootcamp._

Today is an exciting day for both Pranav and me.

A few months ago, Pranav reached out to share his idea for a Web3 course he's been working on. He wanted to share it with as many Web3 enthusiasts as possible.

He started building the course site using Framer, but he told me it was becoming quite expensive. He had to create a template, install plugins, and each of these had its own monthly cost.

He then asked me how much it would cost to launch his course on ClassroomIO.I replied that we only have one paid plan, which costs a flat fee of $35 per month or $350 per year. This plan includes many features, such as 10,000 students, unlimited collaborators, Slack support, and much more.

It was a no-brainer for him, and long story short, Pranav is a happy customer with over 100 students.

Here is what he has to say:

![pranav-experience-using-classroomio](https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/review-by-pranav.jpeg)
_Pranav's experience using ClassroomIO_

> ClassroomIO really helped me [bootstrap my program](https://dblocked.io/).
>
> The dashboard is extremely intuitive. I could navigate most of it without any help / support. Coming from framer, I can honestly say that I am extremely greatful that I found ClassroomIO.
>
> PS- Rotimi is also extremely supportive in new feature requests. I love how responsive he is towards all feedback

Are you looking to launch your course or bootcamp? Register for a free account today and start building.

<div class="flex justify-center">
  <a href="https://peopletalk.io" target="_blank" nofollow="nofollow" class="bg-black text-white px-4 py-2 rounded-md">Register for free</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Update project references from ClassroomIO to Learnova, including documentation, components, and various routes. Ensure consistency across the application with the new domain.

apps/classroomio-com/src/blog/pranav-hits-100-students.md, after:

---
title: 'Our first customer to hit 100 students'
description: 'Paranv Singhal, a Web3 instructor, is the first customer to hit 100 students on Learnova.'
imageUrl: 'https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/pranav-web3-bootcamp-hit-100students.png'
date: '2024-08-25'
author: Rotimi Best
avatar: /blog/best.jpg
role: Founder
tags: ['Customers', 'Testimonials']
published: true
---

![pranav-web3-bootcamp-hit-100students](https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/pranav-web3-bootcamp-hit-100students.png)
_Paranv Singhal, a Learnova customer hits 100 students in his Web3 bootcamp._

Today is an exciting day for both Pranav and me.

A few months ago, Pranav reached out to share his idea for a Web3 course he's been working on. He wanted to share it with as many Web3 enthusiasts as possible.

He started building the course site using Framer, but he told me it was becoming quite expensive. He had to create a template, install plugins, and each of these had its own monthly cost.

He then asked me how much it would cost to launch his course on Learnova.I replied that we only have one paid plan, which costs a flat fee of $35 per month or $350 per year. This plan includes many features, such as 10,000 students, unlimited collaborators, Slack support, and much more.

It was a no-brainer for him, and long story short, Pranav is a happy customer with over 100 students.

Here is what he has to say:

![pranav-experience-using-Learnova](https://assets.cdn.clsrio.com/blog/review-by-pranav.jpeg)
_Pranav's experience using Learnova_

> Learnova really helped me [bootstrap my program](https://dblocked.io/).
>
> The dashboard is extremely intuitive. I could navigate most of it without any help / support. Coming from framer, I can honestly say that I am extremely greatful that I found Learnova.
>
> PS- Rotimi is also extremely supportive in new feature requests. I love how responsive he is towards all feedback

Are you looking to launch your course or bootcamp? Register for a free account today and start building.

<div class="flex justify-center">
  <a href="https://peopletalk.io" target="_blank" nofollow="nofollow" class="bg-black text-white px-4 py-2 rounded-md">Register for free</a>
</div>
